Hi within this lecture we are going to find a way so that when user taps one of the created art it displays
the details in the details we controller.
Right.
So whenever a user chooses an art that he or she previously added We have to display the details.
And there are two ways to do that actually we can create a new wave controller and we can display all
the details in that we have controller but also we can use these details we have controller as well.
All we have to do is just find a way to differentiate if user is trying to add a new art or he or she
is displaying an previously existing art.
So we are trying to figure out if the user clicked on the table view.
So if they click on the table view they're trying to display an existing recurred right.
Or if they clicked on the plus button if they click on the ad buttons.
So we have to come up with a way to differentiate between those.
So I'm going to come over my details view controller and I'm going to create a new variable like a chosen
painting or chosen art and it will be empty if they click on the ad buy them.
And if not if they click on the table view then it won't be empty.
And you know how to do that right.
We can just set selected painting empty.
If they click on the plus button and if they click on the table view then we're just going to take whatever
they click on and display on the next we have controller.
So we're going to use prepare for Segway really going to use this select item function as we did before.
But if they click on the plus button we just going to make Selected Item B equal to an empty streak.
So I'm going to call his chosen paintings and of course I'm going to create a chosen painting idea as
well.
And this will be a you you idea optional because I'm going to transfer the chosen painting I.D. because
I'm going to take chosen paintings details like name like yea like image from the Core Data using that
idea.
Of course we can't do that with name as well but it won't be efficient as I.D. because two paintings
can have the same name but two paintings cannot have the same I.D..
Okay.
And under we did load.
I'm going to just control if chosen painting is not empty and if it's not empty I'm going to retrieve
data from core data.
Else if it's empty.
Actually I do not need to do anything because it will be displayed as a default for me but for remembering
things for remembering how to proceed in the else you can just add something like name tags that text
is empty year text that text is empty.
This will be default in this way.
You don't have to do that but just for safety precautions I'm just going to do that as well.
Name tags.
That text is empty artist's text that text is empty.
And the year tags that text is empty.
So if chosen painting is empty.
This all will be empty as well because it means that we are going to create another entry in the car
data.
But if it's not it means that we have to retrieve data because we have chosen painting from the table
view.
So Reagan to do what we generally do when we try to pass data where you're going to create another variable
in here.
OK.
Call the selected painting for example and selecting select painting I.D. and I.D. again will be a you
you I.D. optional.
And we're going to make the selected painting and selected painting I.D. equal to the index path of
the selected table we row.
OK.
And the reason I pass these information to you the details we see of course if you're going to use prepare
for Segway and did select item in order to achieve this.
So I'm coming on the bottom of this and just right prepared for Segway and did select row not d d select
but did select row so under that select row what I want to do I want to just do a Segway as usual because
eventually I will be landing on the details view.
Right.
So I'm going to say perform Segway and the identifier will be two details we see.
And the center well with nail biting here I have to make sure that under Add button clicked my selected
I.D. selected painting is actually empty.
So whenever a user clicks on the plus button it will send selected painting as an empty string.
And in here I'm going to make this equal to name array index path Doctorow and select ads painting I.D.
should be again getting from the idea array as well.
Remember we we are passing the data off the I.D. And in fact I'm just passing this named dates just
to check if name data is empty or not.
So I'm I'm going to be using I.D. in order to retrieve data from Core Data database.
So let's say selected painting I.D. I.D. array index path that's a row.
So this is now.
Okay.
All I have to do is just define the details we see as a variable here.
And remember in order to do that I'm just going to check if say grade that identifier is the same way
that I'm looking for.
So this is two details we see if indeed this is the Segway that I'm looking for.
I'm just gonna go ahead and create a destination we see variable so destination we see we'll be Segway.
That destination am going to first cast us as details we see and then later on I'm going to come over
here and do a comment B to synchronize everything and say destination we see Dot.
It will give me chosen painting.
And this will be equal to selected painting.
OK and destination we see Dot chosen painting I.D..
We'll be now equal to selected painting I.D..
So this is great.
Right.
So I believe we managed to pass the information to the details we see and we knew how to do that.
That's not even different from the things that we have done in the previous sections.
So if we come over to details we see and if we get a chosen painting it means that we have to go to
correlate I retrieved those information.
I will use the same thing as we did in the view controller but now I will just filter the results with
the I.D..
With the help of the I.D..
OK.
So we're going to have to learn how to filter the results in the card data database because I'm just
going to get the image the name the year and the artist of one the record only one I.D. only I'm not
can I just take all of the information from the database because it won't be efficient as much as we're
doing this.
So let me show you how to convert this chosen painting I.D. interest and if you say chosen painting
I.D. dot you you I.D. string it means that it's going to take your I.D. from here and convert it to
a string.
So for right now I'm just going to print out this string you you I.D. just to show you how does it look
like.
OK.
So so far we have been creating this new I.D. but we didn't use them.
So as you can see in the logs we see this.
So this is optional right now but it doesn't matter we can just come over here and put an exclamation
point here rather than question mark and it won't be optional.
So let me run this one more time and you don't have to do that by the way I'm just trying to show you
what does a new idea look like.
And it looks like this is you can see as I click four different items on the table view it displays
different values so they don't have the same values.
They have unique ideas.
And as far as I continue adding new information to my database they will all have unique ideas.
So we're going to you know use those ideas and we're going to get information from the database filtering
only these ideas.
And it will be much more efficient than just downloading or getting any information from the database
and having to find out what we're looking for in all of those information.
So let's do that in the next lecture.